[Music]
P
Uh
[Music]
H
bu
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
k
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
k
[Music]
y
H
[Music]
the al
perfectly no I don't see you I see you bald have you
seen what a television studio I
have
here microphone
and I come from meditating so I'm
giving it to I go
twice a week to
yoga apart from the gym and such I try to
meditate at night and such I perform
better Good night how are you how is everything
you notice and here we have to come this not go
to just any
place yes
yes good good good good family good
family forgive me forgive me Good
night forgive me that I had activated
the microphone with Pablo and with you not
Good night good night How are you
then you are the Boomer you know what  so what's up let's
see it's that I wasn't expecting the
gentleman at 11 because he had told me
that at this time the grandfather was already asleep
and we woke him up today so he
could come well let's start again
Pablo Good night how are you that later I'll be
the Boomer I say no Let's see
son it's that I wasn't expecting you with the
stramar and had to do Like this Pin Pin
Pin quickly fit the
camera here square it and all that stuff Look
there's my Ivan Ivan Welcome
home son thank goodness glasses don't go anymore
eh And the lne that it's coming Now over
here by chat because things are this
out of control I was telling you
that Cristina spoke to me earlier when she
saw the video that I uploaded to the Principal that
uploads a one I haven't had time to record
today eh because today is a holiday here and she's
with the boy in the afternoon and it
occurred to me I say Well I have a live
that I did the other day with Frank that I
couldn't publish it I'll review it I'll review it and we'll
fix it we won't get it out at
least  profit when
Cristina has seen it says and I this what is this this
when was this when was it that
I have not seen it I say this I say
this the mother who gave birth to him This I came
from the beach I did a live show with him and
half of the live show I had to cut it short
because one of them started telling the
other one his sausage lips that if
robbing the cradle to the other I don't know what and I
say I curse you
Fran that I had to cut the live show for
an hour and today I say it's FR it's
Fran no but but that We came to talk
about Daniel Sancho and he launches he launches he launches he
launches you know Yes I've already seen it he
launches and I fit in yal if you see my
face in it in the clear you won't see it
well in the stramar we have it for sure in
the stramar the original will be there no that
my face that you know I can't
hide my face is made up and I say
Fran Shut your mouth now Fran
not those terms please Fran of course as it is
in Thailand me [ __ ] but it's that you
've turned me green in half  government to the
president to I don't know how many
TV presenters well and I've taken and I've made
a fix there which is the video of the
main one that we released today that we were
able to
rescue by cleaning it up a bit let's
say cleaning it up a bit within
what was possible and with
difficulties quite quite a bit yoo this
was going on now that I'm doing
yoga two days a week trying to
meditate every night to see if that
calms me down I'm doing it but don't
think that But why is it don't
think that it's easier eh are you stressed or
what am I yes between work
stressing me out and that no that I this thing of
YouTube and such I don't quite get it
you know people's comments
affect me all these things you know I
have if I have to stop reading
comments directly because if not I
want to answer them And when I want to answer them
then I answer as I am that
you know me and and I'm not good at keeping quiet
and I haven't told him many times you can't
answer the same as Fran or
whatever but eh of course let's see The Movida is that
you have to realize that it is what
I always tell people the truth
when they make comments that hurt them
because maybe they're not just messing
with you but there are times when I'm like,
for example, they start messing
with even the kids, even the kids, eh, I
mean and it's like reality you think it,
you never know the bad guy behind
this account he has enough with the life he
has and I
promised my partner and
yet friend Begoña jpe That I wasn't going to
insult anyone and I'm trying to
get it What happens is that there are many
times if you shut my mouth I get
subtitles, man, I mean it's something that's
not Well but but you can decide many
times because you know what you're doing
when you have that vocabulary they
often use it against you
because they play against you because
we're here on the internet and in the end it's
going to come back to you, it's going to come back to you for
another time in which you know eh adás that you
can say the same thing
eh but that's a matter of
you realizing it and also of the
importance that has The other day they
took a click from you, well, man, they took it  two
took out one that was a I was
watching it today on telesalseo then I'll put it
with these people who as I didn't expect
that you were going to enter the Stream I can't anymore I can't
touch anything okay I can't move
anything but these multi-accounts that there are
from Javier canino Javi oliveira Javi such I
was looking at it now and they took out you they took
out a click from me that was great
then I'll put it then I'll put it for
these people to see it eh Over here
luar if you're watching this give me the
cut of what we talked about
in tesa to the seo so I don't have to
repeat it again I can't turn up
my volume anymore you can hear Pablo very
loud I'm going to lower it a little bit
so that we are the same I can kind of
hear you kind of saturated even eh When you
get close to the mic I don't see it here everything is
fine it shouldn't be heard low but oh
well Eh La Movida that a c was from a
guy a move that has a very
long color I'm not going to bother you with that which is
basically me giving my opinion on two topics
and puts the two clicks  one a
wismichu topic a couple of years ago and another is the
same thing a similar thing a
similar situation occurs in Dallas the other day
okay the sister tells it and puts the two
clicks and in the two clicks I
literally think the same and and the guy
puts the two clicks there as if to say Look
what a double standard in each in each
one he thinks one thing it's like host But
you have to listen to the clicks that loos
and I say Elena was today live with
Elena I mean Elena you you are
listening to the two videos that is that she
thinks the same because it was my opinion not
because I had remembered what I
said with the other one or what such but
because it was eh basically what I think
about that subject which was about them
taking pictures of you on the street without permission and they
caught you one click I don't know if you
want to explain it better than me I
tried to explain it but come on here these
people you can explain it to them everything you
want no eh about the subject of the
turboplane lawsuit they are not going to ask you about the
turboplane lawsuit two or three days about the
turboplane lawsuit Ah well not even I
know at the moment  what happened but of course
that already means to them that the
lawsuit is a lie
Ah well what they probably
asked me is that I don't remember I don't
remember the same one who took the clip and
then posted it on Twitter
these obsessed accounts eh surely were
And what I answered that I didn't know if I had
received it or not that you didn't know what had
happened to it or something like that no Of
course I understand that they haven't
notified you of anything yet and F and I was saying
But what what
turboplane lawsuit has several Turbo has one
of delo
turboplane you are confusing the other
with ler I don't know I don't know eh I can tell you
let's see is that I would have to open a
plan file here the
one from The one from Valladolid I think yes Valladolid I think it was that they rejected it because they said that they were not assigned to that court because ah yes yes yes yes yes Well that This one let's see the plaintiff is from outside of Spain no then in claims for
protection of the right to honor when the
plaintiff does not have a domicile in the
national territory the court
competent to receive that claim is
the domicile of the defendant, that is to say
Valladolid well  and therefore we
filed that lawsuit in Valladolid but the
court in Valladolid says no, I'm not
competent because here you gave me an
address for notifications,
an address in Coruña,
therefore the competent court is Coruña, very
clear, my address for
notifications is because it's my office.
Of course, if they have to notify my
client, I should notify my office,
fine, but with. For now, the courts,
if they can get something out of it, they get it
out. The guy declares himself incompetent
and transfers it to the dean's office in Coruña, well, they
transfer it to the dean's office in Coruña. There's a, there's a
procedure number, a
court and such, and it was assigned here to
a court in Coruña and I was saying,
look, it's better for me to have it here, I don't have to
travel, everything's fantastic, and the
other day I called and I said, hey, this has been in
your hands for a while,
what do we know? and he tells me, your honor, doesn't have it
to resolve the
jurisdiction? I say, but why does he say no
because it seems to me that we're also
going to declare ourselves incompetent and we're
going to return it to Valladolid. Well,
okay, you know what happens?
each court works in a
different way you know very well from
some court in a way from some
court that tells you no no give me the
address the phone number I don't know what I don't know
if no no I admit it and another that tells you
No look at that address there was nobody
but you but I'll look for the
new address the phone number the vehicles What
has happened to you with me right? It has also
been slow for example eh That one that you
look at not so that people know more or
less no we have together right now
I think there are three or three or four I
think I don't know how many we have no but
well at the end at the end of the year we put two
that I think were the first two and
eh still none Well I think to
notify if they will have been But there is one of
them that is that the woman does not want to
take them that is Loli werta this one does not
want to take them and apart from that she does not
take it anymore because she does not feel like it because she
has stated publicly on many
occasions come on give me the address and and she
asks for it and come send it to me she contacts
Pablo send it she sends it to the  [ __ ]
anyway she doesn't want to take it okay But well I
imagine that the time comes when
that already Well let's say Hey look if you do
n't want to take them then why stop so that
a clip of this can be made Loli
Huertas I inform you that this woman has to I
think that she has tried to clean up all her
traces on the internet so that she wouldn't
appear on any page so that she would
n't appear anywhere so that she would
n't appear anywhere except one
that she hasn't managed to erase that it has
cost us our lives let's say it has cost me my
life that she was a
substitute member in some elections that she had to
go as a substitute to a polling station in
some elections and of course you can't
erase that because that is an official bulletin
of the Autonomous community okay And there
Huertas Vilchez appeared
eh Dolores and her ID appeared behind it and that
's when I found her when I finally
got her ID And from there I was
able to locate her do that in
any case now the player there will
get an address where she is
registered And now he will open the door for you
no  will open the door we are in the
same because But then already but
then I already notify her by edicts
I mean I think that the one
I gave you was people gave it to me too how about I
got it and neither or rather like it's not going to happen she's not going to
want to open it you
know this woman is not going to show up But
then there we already notify her by
edicts and the trial is held without her
period there is no more you
know that trial is going to be without
her defense and then however we
had another one that I believed since I
gave it you remember no that I gave it already
as delivered because it was the first one
in fact and it turns out that they had sent it
back we found out like two or
three weeks ago for a couple of weeks
recently that they had sent it back to
court because they didn't receive it at the
address that we thought and the
court had only been in charge of
taking all the data the address or
whatever and resending it to the
new address or so and we are talking about
vehicle companies I mean they went to the
judicial neutral point and they gave us uh
the companies  who has vehicles in his
name Eh I registered the ownership of everything, I
mean they took all the data that I said
okay okay calm down if that's okay Yes but
look you we are talking about
December and and we are in May, I mean we
found out a couple of weeks ago that
this had happened it's not that there are
some who are saying no how it
hasn't arrived yet and it's been 6 months
like let's see there are people who are lucky enough to have it
delivered in a month
we have had cases in which they have been extremely
fast we had for example
the case of this complaint with
Jo juuan's friend that was great that was
pin Pam Pam and then nevertheless we
put it to Amador they admitted it At one
point the guy appealed he appealed to
the hearing and and and also the hearing
was fast which is what I was amazed at
right now the hearing was extremely fast
also that ball at the end but then
nevertheless the lady 2s As if they
admitted it for processing then they changed the
player I don't know what And then it stayed there
And I already said too Look leave it  there it is I have to
call I turn around I have to call I have to call
to see if
to see what's going on there well That one does
n't bother me much anymore that
man the truth is no he hasn't returned anything to me I am
very benevolent Pablo,
if people leave me in p Me too You
know I neither, I prefer to live more
peacefully that it's not because of wanting to fight
but that it's like they are saying that it's a
lie and it's like but come on but if there is
another youtuber that deos sued and it has already
arrived why is it going to be a lie and
him and the turlan Keep thinking or
self-convincing that he would believe that about
you or any other creator not that he
says well this one threatens with lawsuits but
then doesn't file them and would it be credible In
fact no because there are people who threaten
that this and that But if a
lawyer comes out, also a lawyer who
works for several youtubers and
the lawyer comes out and tells you no no that I have
presented it that I have it here that it is
signed such and such I mean someone believes
that I was going to lie about that that I was going to
lose the prestige that I may have
with the  youtubers that I'm
working with because you tell me killo
lie say that you have filed this
lawsuit for, in other words, someone believes that I was
going to do that because it also does
n't make sense But why wouldn't you
put it if you're calling me a scammer Of course of
course you're calling me a scammer I'm sending you a I'm sending you a
DM I'm sending you a
boo and you don't want to rectify for I don't know
what reason, I mean I'm telling you look
that I'm not a scammer what happened
this Hi Javi handsome cacao 4 Love cacao
C Problem I have enough with my Play
Pablo We came to talk about this new law that is
giving a lot to talk about today because of
the issue of youtubers What is it
called does it have a name no yes of
digital creators no Well This is the regulation
actually it is the regulation of of of
users of special
relevance of special relevance okay But
there are people who are very afraid
of this what is
happening Look let's
tell you it's going to take me 5 minutes okay
if I bore your audience tell me
and that's it
want this I know this comes from
television okay You realize that
television  They don't have the capacity to
segment advertising like
we do, in the sense that if you
want to advertise today on YouTube or
Twitch and you want your ad to only
reach males between 35 and 4.5 years old,
eh, from provincial capitals with between
200,000 and 400,000 inhabitants and who
log in after 5 in the afternoon
because you want to sell them cars with the
eco label, well, you can
then take the cost per impact is much
lower because because your Target is
much more segmentable, it doesn't stop for
advertising, so increasingly more
prefer to pay more per user to
YouTube and Twitch than to television
because on television you release the
ad and it goes great and what, and
many people who are not interested in
your product are going to see it, well then
television is seeing that it
increasingly has to compete more for
advertising, that it is increasingly
complicated for them and so on, well then the
televisions What do they say, hey,
these creators are television, in other words, they are
making pure television So
you regulate them how you regulate
us well and above all in a couple of
things  in the protection of minors in
advertising on alcohol and tobacco and
medicines and such and three the game
the slots and these and these things well
Then they take this to Europe and
Europe issues a directive in which it
wants to start regulating
streamers and
video sharing platforms that are called what
is YouTube k Twitch etcetera etcetera
they want that to be regulated especially in
the control of advertising and in the
control of minors and and such well
then the government comes and passes a
deliberately ambiguous law that it issued
in July it is July 7 the the the 72022 I
think it is from July of 2022 they passed a
law that is deliberately ambiguous in which it
talks about many things it talks about
hate speech that we should
avoid them about child protection
that if you do product placement
as it was done I always remember
this one from Family Guy no and and
the Serrano that you saw them going to have
breakfast and here I It looked like a
supermarket do you remember yes yes the typical thing
with labels looking at the screen
but everyone  I mean, that seemed like a su
Well, from that point on,
product placement began to be regulated and you had to
say, hey, advertisers have paid to
be here, well, they wanted the same thing
on YouTube, on Twitch J you see IB Ah
with the Asturian central hecher with
Telepizza with I don't know what everywhere
and such And so that it is known that it is
advertising, well, they wanted those things but
this law, the law that they will pass in July
2022 is very ambiguous and talks about
hate speech, it talks about things like that at that
time a series of
creators contacted me
to say, watch out, let's see what's happening
here and what it is and and And how is
all this going to go and such, eh Well,
utbh, innocent Duque David Santos, an
alienated one, eh Anyway, a lot of
more or less important people and eh we
knew that after the law that the
law had already been enacted and also
when the law was enacted, nobody presented
any contribution, eh the only ones who
were around were this
YouTube union that they were very close to
workers' commissions, there was nug bost  I
was lambar roso all these leftist people
Yes yes they were the crime syndicate
who were the only ones who were there
so we created an association to
say Hey we want to defend
our rights in case stop stop for
this Well once the law was already
made and it was already made there was nothing
to do it was already published in the BOE there
was nothing to do the
next thing we focused on was to
develop this law we have to make a
regulation well the regulations do not go
through congress the government makes them on its
own and they are the ones who
develop the law and here there were several
things one was the registry of users of
special relevance which is what
matters most to so and so and two Who were going to
be users of special relevance to
us above all what
worried us at that time were two things
basically censorship one censorship about
hate speech okay of course
here we have to explain one
thing there is the crime of hate
of course we are against
hate speech we are not referring to that they
allow you to make
hate speech we are referring to what is
considered or who chooses what hate speech
exa that is in the penal code, that
is to say, hate speech exists and
according to the penal code and especially according to
the jurisprudence of the Supreme Court you have to
have a speech that incites a part
of the population to attack a minority.
For example, if you are not going to say it, but
if you say in your Stream that
everyone should be hanged, I don't know what that
could be a hate crime. Now,
not everything in life and that's fine and that's because
YouTube is loading you, it's not to
say that the government is that YouTube is
debasing you. And with all the reason in the world. Of course,
of course, it shouldn't be allowed.
Of course, behind the crimes there are
other behaviors that are not as serious
as the crimes and that could
constitute an administrative infraction. And I'll
give you an example of smuggling, if
you bring a container of tobacco and you
pass through Algeciras and you put it in and they
catch you, that could be a crime of
smuggling and you go to jail for that,
well, but imagine that you don't bring a
container of tobacco
but you go to Cuba on vacation
and  You come with 20 boxes of puns okay that is
obviously not a crime because it does
not reach the sufficient amount to
be a crime but it is an
administrative infraction that is a fine that
the government imposes on you specifically the
agency the customs the
ADENA surveillance service and they search you they
take away the instrument of the crime which are
the cigars well what we feared
is that in the development of this law
they committed an administrative infraction
of hate let me explain that there would be behaviors
that although they do not reach the seriousness as to
be hate speech that they that
the government that the state that the
administration could consider that you
were promoting hatred and there they could
impose censorship that you [ __ ] in the
sense that any
antifeminist speech could be considered
as such any speech that
questioned climate change of course
or immigration or any story
that could be considered as such that was a
fear that we had very well founded
Okay so we went to Madrid to the
ministry three people a
white man ether the entropy of Valen and I
representing this group and we
went to speak with the general director
with whom she was drafting the
regulation no and he told us Look,
what interests us is advertising,
minors and such And this is for the televisions
okay And because the televisions are squeezing us
on one side and such so what
we told him was good but
then title one which is the one that
talks about hate speech of I don't know
what, I don't know how much it will be
developed in the regulation says no
way we are not going to get into
that mess that's what they told us and This
was already the previous government, that is to say the
previous government of Pedro Sánchez
but the previous one not
Pablo Iglesias and all this stuff and and and they
told us no that no that there was
going to be absolutely nothing and the
second thing that we asked them and
there we had less success with was that
in the registry of users of special
relevance if it is going to be a
public registry that the
personal data of the, I mean what doesn't make
any sense It's that tomorrow I will go to a
public registry and I found out about
Ibay's data of where he lives what
his ID is of of anyway it doesn't make any
sense no and there they told us that that
could not be that the  public records are
by definition public of course okay
what we were asking was that whoever
wanted to request registration or
the data of a registered person had to
provide a legitimate interest Okay and they
told me no that the only solution is
Listen Well you don't register your your your
physical name here you register an
SL okay And then what will be made
public will be the data of the SL that was what
we were told and then what
We told him is if you are going to
regulate us like the televisions Give me the
subsidies that you give to the
televisions of course and there he told me
yes he said [ __ ] ask for them if I never asked for a
subsidy clear then I mean he did
n't tell me like that Of course you what am I going to
ask the government for a subsidy you
know what for or I mean no way
obviously I'm not going to do it no Even if they
granted it but no I'm not going to do it
and in the end what
worried us was these
hate speeches Yes I do ask Pedro Sancho for
some members around here eh Come on no well
then Hey well don't rule it out eh But
because he can grant it to you Then
these hate speeches obviously well well I don't
know they haven't developed It's
not true what they've told us Now then
at the moment that you have introduced a
public registry I am against all of
this because I don't only want the
Internet to be liberalized I want television to be liberalized,
so that you don't have to have a
state license to broadcast, let me
explain, or rather, the more competition the
better these
registries What is it about
once you have this registry you no longer have to
modify anything in the
streamers law by modifying the others you have it
done for me, for example in the
gambling law that says
advertising will be regulated, I don't know what, I don't know how much in
televisions, radios by adding now and
users of special relevance of
video exchange platforms That's it, they
regulate you without the need to
regulate you in the streamers law let
me explain or in the or in the
advertising law with Adding the demand of and and
users of special relevance of
video exchange platforms That's
it, I have no doubt that they are going to
try to
regulate this as much as they can now
well don't screw these catastrophists, they
bore me  a lot when they
come to you and say no no what they want
is to know your details so they can see later but let's see
you don't file a
tax return your details is that no even I was
going to tell you before that I don't
want to cut you off on the subject of
details for self-employed workers whether my address was
leaked Well I don't know if it was leaked one
way or the other but I found it
in a registry that was when you are
self-employed or in other words when you become
self-employed if you don't notify that
your details shouldn't be published I don't know where it is
published 036 when you register with the iae I
imagine No of course it is 036 you are self-employed
because you could be opening a bar that's what
they understand what they've been
used to all their lives nobody
expects you to now be
self-employed in your home creating videos
the category doesn't exist in fact yet
so the details are already public
what people don't unless you create
an sl and that sl you put the name of the
gesture or the address of the manager but
normally you already have your details in
all  parts you know of course that's why I tell you
that it's nonsense not that they tell you no it
's that the government wants to know your
data the government knows until when you were
sick h or rather because they ask
to cross data from different
administrations and they know they know the last
time you bought a coke or
rather because if they put cross
data between one thing and another they don't need to
make a record for that or rather they don't
need it no
what it's good for of course it's
good for this so as not to have to
and not to have to legislate you very hard
and the youtubers will have to do
this and that and such and such no no with
putting it in the following users of
special relevance and such I also
tell you that they lowered the amounts
because they talked to us about half a
million a year okay of everything that to
bill you have to have three
requirements together at the same time to be
considered a user of special
relevance they talked to us about half a million
now they lowered it to 300,000 I don't know
exactly why because someone would want to put
no sno 300,000 of
gross billing to  year m okay you have to meet
three requirements at the same time 300,000
gross billing per year but including
payment in kind eh I mean if
Audi gives you a car for that that
also enters eh 300,000 a year of
gross billing
1 million subscribers or followers
on one platform or 2 million on
all
platforms and that you upload a minimum of 24
videos per year that we all meet that
anyone Of course but but the other
two no the other two no there are not many
people from plex up or so why
I tell you or a little more no no don't believe you that much
eh don't believe you that much let's see
how much I can add up I can add up
almost a million maybe more or less on
YouTube Cent almost 200,000 in one 300,000
in another go the old account the
500 600000 the million if I add it up eh but
of course so double the subscribers that
I have and a
lot more income
Then don't listen to me either it's that  I'm
not sure how this works either
because all your channels can be a
single
platform, man. I understand that, of course, it
's YouTube. I mean,
then the million would apply to you. I
understand, uh, that the million would apply to you.
What happens is that then there are the
300,000 a year and we
still haven't reached this one until it gets
tight. Here, people with the members, we're
not there yet. I hope not. I hope to
enter the registry, I register. It's
okay, see, in reality, it doesn't
imply anything, it's regulation when it comes to
advertising, which I think was more or
less already in place. I mean, you have to notify
when you do a promo, you can't
do a cover promo, I know that more or
less, and also, I'm very careful, uh,
at the beginning. Maybe. Uh, yes,
maybe I was able to accept the first few
years. You know, when you get here, they come to you, there was
a promo that they also threw
in my face my whole [ __ ] life, I don't remember
if it was one of these games or something
like that, and you don't know, you don't know, no, and
then everything they offer you. Oh, how
good. Look.  I have a promo mom look look
I'm famous but I know that for example I
don't know I know that we can't
promote things that have to do with
health okay for example they tell you
look at a cream that whitens your
teeth you can't look at some tights that
slim you can't or protein I
know things like that I don't know that you can't
tobacco things alcohol and and gambling you can't
Likewise no longer anything
good alcohol yes you can because there are
youtubers that I have seen
promoting alcoholic beverages
alcohol yes no those are the rules of
the platform that will put what it
wants and what and what not no but but that which
I don't see let's see
nothing has happened that can happen it can
happen that what many people come and
tell you is no, with this they open the door
and then they go to you I don't know it could be it could
be it is a future it is not it could
happen but right now I don't see it bad
no and what and also I remember that when
we went to the ministry and they
promised us That they were not
going to regulate This title one of the
hateful behaviors and such and such is that they
gave us  wax man, I mean those who
always dedicate themselves to giving wax to everyone
who is not on their side, they didn't tell you and you
believed it and you are some I don't
know what and you have sold us all out
because you do not enter as users
of special relevance and that is why you have
sold us out to the rest and you are
bootlickers of Power and I don't know what, I don't know what
we negotiated what we could, we
squeezed what we could but
the government is them, I have seen
people on Twitter as very Oh another
thing like but let's see I don't see it badly it's that
we actually let's see I would have seen this
issue that you
are mentioning the crime of hate Not for
nothing eh I mean not because I am
against it because obviously I
agree that there should be a regulation
Regarding hate speech Of
course but of course Calling things
by their name and not calling
hate speech to everything we want because
now we have a government that wants to
control even the
media and the journalists who
are at the press conference and no
then of course now you're going to  you say what
a hate crime is everything that you do
n't like because I'm seeing that
they're banning c poster c propaganda
and C thing that you say [ __ ] Of course they're
going to ban me here on YouTube which is
the only place where people can
speak clearly and there are many people who
find out about realities here not on the
networks and another thing that
worried me is that the timing is also It's
complicated no because right now after
the 5 days of reflection and they
are giving a wax that you die to the to the
media not related
not that the hoax factories that if
the mud machines that if not s
Of course they just release this Now the
timing is very inadequate So I
also understand that many
content creators who haven't even read
the regulations are already clutching their
heads like Oh oh but another thing but no Of
course let's see clearly what I was
thinking was that they were going to take more
taxes from us, I mean the issue of
hate speech obviously and the issue that they
were going to take more from me that's what I
was saying damn more passes me by  remove but of
course it doesn't affect economically
at all no Pablo for now
no but the thing is that they can regulate that in the
next general
state budgets in each general
state budget they do a a a they do a It's that
taxation and and tax law
is an eternal race between the
legislator covering loopholes and and and
people trying to create new loopholes
not through which to escape
taxes And that is constant and it is and in the
end Look at the the longest article
in all of Spanish legislation of
all of all Spanish legislation is the one on
VAT exemptions imagine because it is absolutely
kilometer-long that that article So
what can they do when they tell you that they will
withhold 10% 15% I don't know what I do
n't know how much they tell you and the
especially relevant users of the
video sharing platforms
will have a lower or higher exempt minimum
or I don't know what Or I don't know how much such
and such They can do that to you but they will
do it in the next reform of the personal
income tax law or in the next reform
of the VAT law or the
corporate tax law let me explain that they can
do it but  of course
tax legislation is something that the government
does whatever it wants, which is why we're
never going to be
covered.
Well, listen to me, when your
income goes up they start taking
more away from you in terms of the bracket that you're going to put on me
when I get to this bracket, apart from the fact that
the percentage goes up, you put
another tax on me, that is, there is a
problem, of course, don't rule it out, it's the
only thing that matters to me, like, if they
touch me, if they touch my wallet, if it affects me, if it
regulates me, it seems fine to me.
In the end, this is a medium, I mean, this is
a medium, I mean, not just
anyone can come here, trust the
things we discuss, the other Loli
is calling the pppa mistreated with those
of the 240, the other with I don't know what, of course,
this is a medium, I'm telling you more, ivai is
a television, of course, it is a television production company
that broadcasts on YouTube or that
broadcasts on Twitch, okay, it's a piñata
television production company, but well, and
auron Play is a newspaper, it's not
about that  have some qualities and
a production company behind and some lights and an
Auron Play microphone in his
room he does a live show and what
he's communicating reaches 000 people
every afternoon or so it's that they only have there are
TVs that don't reach you know well that's
another one that's another one that we said that we
arrived we arrived
there with the speech learned and I had been
chap me for a week that and such
no and what I asked them is that
users of special
relevance are considered by number of employees that is to
say if you have what to be
considered not an SME and such if you have
more than five employees that that that or that there
was a minimum number of employees to
consider you a user of special
relevance no because of course they
told me no it's that [ __ ] many of
you have an infrastructure that
or that more than many TVs and I don't know
what I said Well then I regulate by
employees and they told me We can't
because there are televisions that have only one
employee there are local channels that the
only thing they do is put videos you know of
remakes of movies of old series
of I don't know what and put advertising and that
maybe only has one  employee that
television and it is a television and it is
regulated as television no then they
told me there we can't throw But
well there were many things that we
tried and we didn't achieve them what we did
achieve was what worried us the most
was that hate speech should not be regulated that
this type of speech should not be regulated anymore
and they also told us I mean I
remember when I saw there that
the general director looked at me with a crazy face eh she
told me but do you think we are
going to get into that mess man
in a few mess the whole government is getting into
no but we are the
Ministry of Technology and I don't know what And
such like how do you think we are going to leave and such
And then also uh the tax issue we
talked about it very briefly and there what my
aunt told me is no no there we already know that we have
lost the battle with
Portugal that Portugal offers you a
much more friendly ecosystem
and that and that there will be many people who
go to Portugal and I understand it or rather they
already told me so
directly no anyway that It's good that
at least it doesn't affect us  They fooled us
for once this government did not
fool us I know that I do not see it as bad to see
people get outraged and it's like they are going to
release something else no more And as Aiso
calm let things be
regulated things have to be done but I do not
see it as bad it is that it is fine, I mean in
reality it does not change anything I know that it
sells a lot more yes Now I go out and
say hey
this is a dictatorship they are doing to us I do not know
what they are doing to us I do not know when but the thing is that I do not know how to
do that man I do not know how to lie like that I do not
can not I have to do
the analysis with what there is with the
regulation that was published which by the
way they published it today in the BOE I
thought it was going to be published tomorrow that today there would
be no BOE since it is May 1st but there was a
BOE today and the regulation was published today
in the BOE and the only thing I know that is said is that
and those who are exempt
those who are exempt from registering
as users of special relevance are
the television networks that have a
YouTube channel okay because those
are already regulated as a
television network independently  that they
imitate by hertzian waves through the internet
or on a video sharing platform, in other
words, it has the same regulation and
then uh museums schools universities
that have a channel you know that are
dedicated to the dissemination and these things
that are also exempt from this and this
is what has come out today in the BOE and
I measured the whole thing and that's it And this is what there is
I would like to say that this is
a new twist for I don't know
what but the truth is that pu n for now we are
not staying calm Pablo
Thank you very much for having stopped
by
here I know that it is an effort for you that it
costs you more early so nothing
man a huge kiss and tomorrow we talk
come on have a good time see you later
whole
[Music]
[Applause]
well
people mother
[Music]
[Laughter]
mine Hey good pass good pass
from the live to the other Hey good pass from
one part of the live to the other no
How are we How are we around here
but those prohibited steps let's see clearly let's
see one has his things and his secrets
one has his things one has his
things of course  You think you
know everything about each other but no no no no one
has his things and his things Okay
family let's deal with gossip let
's not deal sseo no let
delox come Hey yeah We have to call
Delo now it's not that the subject is very weak it's that
the subject is very weak let's see today
I'm preparing a few
videos here that we're going to watch Let's go over
a few videos and some
things but the truth is that the subject
is very
calm the truth is that the subject is
very calm let's see it in parts
[Music]
A Thing Happened on Twitter
Today A Thing Happened on
Twitter Today That I Was Fascinated To Be
Honestly Because At The Time Let's see I'm
obviously not happy for the kid I'm really
sorry okay at the
time The truth is that we had a
pretty curious night here of laughter Do you
remember with all the stuff about this guy
who was super
excited about a girl and the girl
went off with you look I
mean the girl hooked up  with os
lookock all over his face Dallas is
having a debate now with who with
whom if not with Ricky Edi it's not worth it to me I
know he has a thing with a youtuber
with the youtuber from roblox who recorded
another youtuber but it's that I don't know that thing I've
seen
that I've seen that he had a thing eh let's
go for a tweet from incai who posted a
[ __ ] of Turbo plan that they were getting into it
with him with the girl I don't know what thing
but it's that I haven't heard about La
Movida I mean I haven't heard about
La Movida I'm really telling you I have to
catch up on that thing
eh do you remember this girl this poof baby I'm sorry
Yeah man what a laugh that
night what a laugh dude that night I mean
with the chick like eh come on How was it a
red flag like a boy boy who's dating
a guy who wants to sleep with her
and the girl
who's going to sleep with him is telling you that she's going to spend the
night at his house that she's getting to know
you hot guy  Well it turns out there's
a second season about that topic
okay if I remember or if you remember luare
in the comment fixed I'll be putting
the first part of the plot because this is
really for people to enjoy
or rather this for people to enjoy
in a way and see it and live what happened
that day okay it would be here to summarize it in an
easy way a chick
eh a girl of this eyeliner who
had eyeliner and snake tattoos
okay And she was with a boy eh who
was a sweetie okay boy he was a
sweetie right he wasn't he wasn't
very mature yet boy And then the
boy Well so she tells her that she's going to
meet Orlo that Oslo is hitting on her
and that for some reason I don't
understand why she's going to meet him
okay Well so there's a new season there's
a new season La Movida is the
next one okay it all starts with some
photos on
Twitter okay I'm crying
okay over here Well they're commenting on a
photograph of a girl who puts a
photo of her
abdomen there and says someone out joking
would you be with a girl who uploads this
stuff or are you men and  says one
Why do you assume that being with you XD
and says not with you in particular
Josefina I'm just using you as an
example of a standard [ __ ]
my goodness doesn't notice dude
Twitter fights are like 2km eyeliner
Javier is an abdomen if you haven't touched
a tit just say it I understand that for
you [ __ ] is a trophy because it's not good
for anything else But why do you assume my
gender and say you
give yourself away Face reveal loves just got
up it's 3 pm here in Peru
well
total it's a debate about whether you would be with
a girl who shows flesh in
photos basically that she shows off no
eh I don't know you would be with a girl
who shows off or with a boy who shows off
no answers you would be with a
boy or with a girl who shows off that shows off let's
see here I also tell you whether it's
the belly or you don't know let's see the
subject of that let's see the subject that my
partner uploads a photo in panties well I don't
see it I don't see it the
truth Let's see I don't see it but well in a
bikini in a swimsuit
eh I don't know I know I mean  It depends, I
think this photo is not that out
of this
world, anything else is content that I
uploaded to and Gameplay you understand that
no but this one is sincerely a
specific crap and you would upload it eh Let's see one like
this seems silly to me one that shows
the belly if I had a belly that
could be shown Well yes let's see what
this one really seems like crap
now for example a photo in
underwear with the whole package no there no
Or I don't know well No the truth is they are not things
I know that I see them as intimate of the
couple no I don't know the truth I think that of
The answer is It depends it depends even
to a line yes even to a line like that
eh epic fight between the [ __ ] and the
incel plot tweet J is a woman eh That's why I
was laughing my ass off with the
last one and here comes fau who is the girl
in question who is the girl in question even worse
even more envious and the
poor thing dies and one comes and says this was not the
girl who was unfaithful to her boyfriend with a
jerk that she just met who And
then she of course they have  recognized she has been
recognized and she says almost
half a year ago a guy who wasn't even my boyfriend
made a who wasn't even her boyfriend this this I
said eh I think I was one of the
few who swung her way in
favor of the girl
Eh Well look if she's Venezuelan I didn't
know but she has a
Venezuelan flag on her shoulders I understand that it's because she is
Venezuelan but nowadays
everyone wears flags of countries that they're
not even from and and because they're idiots and because they
pose on Twitter and I don't know what the
truth But anyway almost half a
year ago a guy who wasn't even my boyfriend
made a thread about me for leaving him for someone else and
months later The incel gang
still thinks I'm unfaithful
because they have pretty sad lives and they
don't leave me alone okay or so up to
here there is part there is part of the story
in the kid
there is that thread it was regrettable Diego I there are
parts in the story see I'm cracking up and
splitting my dick with the story the
truth is because the thing is that
the guy was tremendous but  there to me the one who was a pay
fanta for me it was not an infidelity it
was not a boyfriend it was a note come on it is
that I do not even know if they had met in
person with that I tell you
everything it was not even clear if they
had a relationship in person it
was not even clear if they had a
relationship in person Look at what I tell you
he said my almost something is the typical
cousin who goes after a girl that
the girl has him there in the friend
zone but she gives him one of lime and one of
sand because he needs to fill that gap
while she finds a bum you know and there
is the typical pay fanta the shoulder to
cry on you know or I mean but the guy was
pathetic the guy was pathetic
Dallas beats you a thousand times on this subject I do not
know what Dallas thought I do not even remember
Dallas' video on this
subject dasas made a video on his
main channel Well, honestly I almost
saw it worse on the part of the turkey than
on
her, let's see, she is
an element, she is an element, okay,
curious, she made
sure she made sure the [ __ ] with
orlock before saying anything to the other I
mean, she said things to him like, well,
eh still  I haven't told him about you baby,
when the next time I meet up with him you
come over and I'll
introduce you but for me, for me, it
was worse for him than for her, I mean,
for me, I criticize him more than
her, eh, because he's
pathetic, because he's pathetic, people are
making her look like a [ __ ] and all that And it's like, let's
see, she didn't behave well
obviously,
but but for me it was pathetic, him, I mean,
him sending her a text, the guy not sleeping
at
night was a traumatic humiliation
for the guy no no but the fact is that he made it
public as if she were a lifelong girlfriend
who says this son of a [ __ ] you know
but no no no no its almost something, I mean she was
an
aunt for me there she was a
girl let's see how I explain it without putting
her on a high without putting her on a
high too much for him, a
girl that he can't, he doesn't know how to
handle, damn it's that they're going to they're going to they're
going to misinterpret that man Let's see, she's
a girl that he doesn't know how to
handle, a girl who gives him her mouth up
to heaven  that's what
I
see don't even worry chata past is gone okay I mean
the dude appears the
dude appears in her tweet and he still
answers her don't even worry chata past is gone
but the guy this [ __ ]
was still in orlock's chat
proud that he was mentioned
dude I mean the guy pathetic pathetic pathetic
but pathetic pathetic pathetic
eh pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic
okay look very well He says clone I'm
ashamed that we are of the same
species totally
totally there is no way to
get it the straw that you must have had to
crack remembering how orlock
broke your
wife guys it's how
pathetic it is that it is
pathetic joro it's the definition of
Beta but anyway okay Total fae arrives
and
says mfs what did it
mean What does mfs mean after
having caused massive harassment towards you
that has lasted almost half a year
without stopping and thanks to that you have had to
read things about yourself that will mark you
for life but past is gone let's see
for me Well now we continue now I tell you
what I was going to tell you
that I'm the first to say that it's a
thing of the past but come on you have to
have some huge balls to go and
answer me that directly I would be ashamed
and she uploads a photo Well they
tell her You have more willpower
than me because I would have already filed a
complaint against her for harassment She filed a
complaint for harassment okay [ __ ] she comes out with
the cigarette What an ugly photo
[ __ ] why do you have to do it I
imagine it will be a photo that she would have
sent her a friend on WhatsApp whatever
okay literally this eh so
the chick goes and reports him She filed
a complaint but of course she filed a
complaint with the civil guard I don't have much
experience with that type of complaint with
the civil guard but no jokes and I don't
know if I said it And really And this is
how it is eh I thought about it at the time I thought about it at the
time I don't know if I said it I think I did say it
but I would get into a lawsuit for the right to
honor eh this
kid eh no jokes
eh a lawsuit for the right to honor would
get into him
uh literally published some
conversations where the girl, I mean, she made
some conversations of the girl viral
Talking about her sex life
orsl said that he fell out with her for
hiding that she had another fling yes she did
say that fling I didn't
remember the one she received for free it was the
fling totally but for me of
course For me it violated
privacy For me it violated privacy I
mean you're hooking up with a
girl and the girl leaves you because you're
a cousin
okay I mean you're a [ __ ] and the girl
leaves you it's not that she leaves you it's that you let her
leave you I mean it's that you're not interested in you I mean it's that you're not
interested in her you're a beta and the girl goes
looking for another thug with a bad look I do
n't know
what you know and and and and the girl is
telling you about some guy who wants to
sleep with her that she's going to spend the night
with him come on come on please but if it's
that she's putting you on she's putting the games on you
no you want me to put it on you I mean
this is like the one on the island  of Temptation
Cristopher that's okay, I mean the first
time he says Poor thing okay in the second
week when he cheats on her again
well for success [ __ ] he
trusted that I forgive her but no no
no he trusted that she
believed that she was wrong but no no
no it's that on top of that the fourth the third
the fifth time that he cheats on you It's
your fault
okay But come on and now he's going to say 40
months later no still I imagine
that this photo will belong to a
WhatsApp photo that some friend sent you on WhatsApp
at the time but of course
this girl is
posting a complaint to the civil guard
for harassment that's not even going to be
processed or rather eh this girl if she puts it let's
see it's that you imagine two Random from
Twitter and he takes and viralizes some
conversations I mean it's not that you
tell it and say host well a girl if you
mention Who is he left me and
this happened to me and tell the story okay
because she wants to get married on her Twitter with
her friends and with her  followers and their
mutual
eh No no it's not that he put the girl's conversations
and reveals that this girl has
[ __ ] the
orlock Who is he to reveal all
those conversations eh where the girl
says that she has slept with a
guy with all the repercussions that that
has, I mean I saw him completely
actionable by civil law eh I
mean I saw him completely actionable
by civil law he starts meeting with Oslo
having a boyfriend he goes to his house and tells him
that nothing will happen he screws him without
hesitation phew baby I'm sorry Yes I'll
file a
historic complaint against him for telling the story on
Twitter about the
thing about the [ __ ] without a father scares the
[ __ ] ass But I don't see it that way
eh I don't see it that way I don't see it that way for me
for me following the story was
different than what reven is saying
eh
and for me what for me as the
story was as we lived it that night
that we were also following all the
steps for me it was for me it was tremendous I
mean the turkey don't come Kari
have a good time I'm calm well I give
a little bit of stuff that you sleep
with him but oh well come on yeah Kari Go go I
trust you
Kari man
you know he scares the same saon host The
story is to
slap you eh I mean the story is like I
mean man you're a Beta gosh you know you
know what I'm telling you I mean like
super super Cook for me that's the
definition of Cook Javi Frank is
live and what he's doing but well they
're live Ah to kisi or
what Look look look look
for me that's the definition of
Cook
eh that you You guys yes Look look look
my that rains are coming next week next week
the first storm let's see if it
's true he still has the otters' pool full
Since he filled it
for
us no no it won't be another little water it hasn't
rained anymore not because wow Well look
ah They're bathing what time is it if it is it's
5 in the morning 5:30 almost
6 they're already there man the otters
eh the otters man I wish they weren't
so far away  and mozzarella Oh look if
you only knew how good
mozzarella is See here it's sticking its
little head out
Listen to me for me for me That's the
definition of
Cook for That's the definition of Cook
I know that you define Cook as
just
antlers but for me that's the
definition of c a guy
like that a guy
like that I know David
Sammer was here I knew before he was he
told me Fran says Oh well he's coming
[Applause]
who besides Cook He's looking for fame but it's that he
is in every sense of the word man It's that she
puts him on I mean she laughs at him in his face she's
warning him a chick she's warning him
that she's going to bed and she's going to sleep
with the other guy and she's telling him Take
it easy Yeah yeah honey yeah have a good time
you have a good time I'm a little nervous
and I'm getting a little anxious and also he
gets like this I'm getting a little
thing in my chest I'm getting a
little thing in my chest but You see You
see I trust you Oh it hurts it hurts  my
chest hurts I'm getting a Gina
but see see see and now later eh
still when the chick was
telling her that she had [ __ ] the guy
still the guy wanted to forgive her if she didn't
[ __ ] him more But well it's not going to
happen again no and she said let's see what it is I
don't rule out that tonight I'll
[ __ ] him again you know and he's
giving me a little anxiety you know and the guy
goes and tells it on Twitter and when it goes
viral the guy super happy that it's
orlock who got him
David well we'll see tomorrow I'll tell the
place to take the best parts
tomorrow we'll see it in the afternoon night or
whatever but now being live it's not that
apart it's that I don't even know what it's about I have to
catch up with that
thing man it's that I'm here today
Daniel Sancho's trial has ended
now now when I'm done with you guys I'm going to I'm
going to record a video for the
main channel,
surely I'm going to record surely a
video for the main channel
to give some closure to Well more than a
closure a seen for sentencing
no and from
there and from there
I'll record  the two newscasts and I have to
get on with that today man with that topic
Okay let's see this Case a
few of today that you are sending me this
and I have not commented on it either,
what I don't remember is if we
mentioned it in a newscast or in a
live broadcast okay but apparently there have been more apparently there have been
more and on top of that
Carchesium's mother
sending me Elo and I [ __ ] but since we haven't
done a live broadcast we haven't
commented on it Carch's mother got into a fight
with Karime dude the other day on
Twitter the controversial clip of Carch
talking about when Auron Play called rats
to the people who were supporting the funa
against him okay Okay until
Auron doesn't feel like it with that I'm going to
continue with that image for life okay
let's see it more quate than one day in a
streaming you come and hit me two times
and tell me if you're a G I start to
cry it goes viral no no but from
there on from there on whatever you
do no  but we saw the
[Music]
clienterror
lasas Not supporting it if looking the other
way no and taking things from whoever it
comes from it's like always Ah but this
was the one that I don't know what but and only and
many times there is only one way for that to
happen is if there are several
people involved that those people
all agree to say this
is not the case and insist and say this is not the
case until that narrative is removed,
for example, my thing about the rat I
until Auron tomorrow does not
come out saying live Hey guys,
eh, you call this guy a rat, this guy
is nothing like this until Auron does not feel like
doing that, I am going to
continue with that image all my
life for the casual public all my life it
is like this I think that it is also
very noticeable on tiktok and on other platforms
that it is like Ah but this was the one of I do
n't know what that exao okay I tell you one thing I
tell you one thing eh I
tell you one
thing going back to listen that the other
day we did not hear it well okay saying
live  Hey guys, stop that
narrative, for example, my thing about the
rat, I don't see that until Auron comes out live tomorrow
Hey
guys, you call this guy a rat, this
guy is nothing like this, until Auro feels like
doing that, I'm going to keep
going with that image, okay On the
one
hand On the one hand I have to tell you that uh
On the one hand, let's see It's more than
evident that he's like complaining,
almost asking, okay, it's almost a
request to Auron to speak out at
some point when he has the pathesca, okay, let him
speak out on this issue, okay,
about what's fine, damn it, okay, I mean, he
's not telling you because of course the
headline about Uncle Sur that I found out about from
the headline about Uncle
Sh, I don't know if anyone else or someone else put the
same thing and I don't know if even We
were also commenting on it the other
day and I interpreted it the same It's that he
was denying I mean, Carch was
denying that this story was because of him, okay, let's
see, for me and I really say this
without meaning to offend  carch or
attack him or anything like that But I'm
telling you what I think about what Auron put
I think it was because of
several content creators okay among which was
cares why do I think that Well look, I
think it's because at that time In
those days I was very in contact
with Auro he didn't tell me either This is
about Carche or anything like that eh I mean I don't
want I don't want to put
words in anyone's mouth either that they
haven't told me but it's true
that this story I remember
perfectly that we were also
live okay
eh we were live I don't remember
what we were reacting to exactly
but we were reacting to this type
of things Not to what Carche was
doing when Carche turned her back on
Auron no how he behaved with him I don't know what
And Auron well was yes he wasn't watching
my live streams those days he used to watch them
a lot In fact I had some exclusives
and some things no eh Not only
Carche Yes I mean I think it's because of
several creators among which
Carch was involved okay but I
think he also said this to
Wismichu and  He said it I mean to Felipe
maybe I think he said it to everyone
who was there Taking advantage of the fact that he
was on the ground at that moment to uh
to step on him Taking advantage of the fact that he was in
a weak moment to
hit him okay that's what I think to myself
if Auron comes out And says No no it's not that I didn't
put it there for nothing it wouldn't seem very false to me it on
Auron's part But what I'm
hearing here okay now listening to it
again it's not maybe he's
telling ibai that Auron's thing wasn't because of
me that was the headline that I saw the other day
saying this is not true and insisting and saying
this is not true until that narrative
he's not saying that Auron's thing
wasn't because of him he's saying that when
Auron comes out and tells his audience that
everything is fine with Carche then people might
leave him okay yes it's
true that Auron hasn't said
absolutely nothing
Auro hasn't said absolutely nothing let's
see I'm not going to talk
privately obviously but I do have to
tell you
that I was very critical of whether there was anything to me
two mutual friends two mutual colleagues
okay two mutual colleagues
eh two mutual colleagues of mine with Carche
okay who gets along with me and who get along
with Karche more or less okay and they
told me man that Carche
wasn't managing it well and that he
wasn't having a good time with the
criticism I don't know what and I already said look
okay well that's it we've already said everything
that had to be said I'm going to
leave it at that also
no HM but at but at the same time also yes that
I cona yes that I think that eh that they fixed it okay that they
fixed it I mean that they talked yes there
was one time when Carch came out with the
hamburger saying we haven't
fixed it I don't know what he talks to Auron
everything is fine and it was a
lie okay but but then a few months ago there was an
approach okay now I don't know I don't know the
content of that approach I would have
loved for one of the two to tell it
or Carch or Auron the truth
because
Hey I don't know I would love to know if Carche
maintains her position or
simply doesn't want to be attacked
But she continues to maintain her position or  or
has apologized Hey look Auron it's true I
behaved badly I shouldn't have taken a
position or supported my
girlfriend in what she was saying you know
and turned my back on you at this
moment so so low you know So we do
n't know that I mean I know and I can
guarantee you that there has been an approach
and that they have talked and that at least
each one look they are at peace and that they
have each other there no they don't bother each other no each other
no but it's that Auron made that
decision I think with all of them eh
I don't know if
Auron ever spoke with
Wismichu the truth is
I don't know if Auron ever spoke with Win
Michu Who were the ones I mean the
thing was with Win Michu no that he got involved
at most in the subject
with cche because of the issue of betrayal
not ungrateful and such And who else was Auron having
problems with
who was putting like a lot of
traya man I know that he was in the n
this one that was like top not Felipe
but it's that Felipe What is Felipe Felipe
How is Felipe different today
to one of these accounts
of an Abi or to something like this on
Twitter you know what I mean but more or
less that it has
some impact man what about Juan
also what about Juan I would love to know
what happened the truth is that I
can find out but I couldn't
tell you all the same but no the truth is no I'm
not interested either I mean I've
heard that there was a conversation
for example
with you saw the Turbo plan video what
video whenever you tell me let's go watch a
Turbo plan video I get
a surprise here let's see I know there have been
conversations
Ta no I haven't seen it This video The
truth is how are you guys what the hell do I
get is the
browser this wasn't the one in the complaint it
's not the same one as Ah No The one in the
complaint was this one no no it V the truth is I haven't
seen it but anyway let's go I
know that there were conversations with Juan and
with Ari there was a meeting the four of them okay I do
n't know the content and they also spoke with carche
okay I don't know if carche came over
and I don't know if he regretted it or not
or not I don't know the truth is that I do
n't know it  that I have not given any
explanation the truth is very good my
beloved public how are you carche returns to the
Channel let's see what he has to tell us I
know that for example my career aside
from my lack of
consistency last year of not doing
live c days a week or days a
week and the hours that were
apart from that I know that because of him
my career has also been
affected apparently he has been talking
to is that he says the
hate that for example he brought me out in
the clip that I said you deserve to
lose all the followers and like
let's see if you everything and this happens
Okay right now he is also in coi he
has IB he has also had a
growth Maybe with his relationship
with Abi I don't know okay But if
you let's see for me on the internet for me on the
internet there are people who have their
community and who have their audience
larger or smaller but they have their
audience their
people and there are people who have
[Music]
their Audience of
another, I mean for example there is a youtuber
who has their community and then there are
youtubers that are like friends
colleagues secondary channels
of that youtuber and  they have their community or
a part of their community if you all
one thing is collaborations Because
for example I have collaborated with other
youtubers okay And thanks to me
a lot of people have subscribed to him and thanks to him
a lot of people have subscribed to me and
we collaborate we exchange
audiences okay mutual interests okay but
there are other youtubers like I think it has
been for example carch and some who
were around auron okay And the one who
has the community is auron and then
yours is auron's So if what you
have is auron's if you do
something so ugly to auron Well of course people
leave you without Auro even
saying anything okay I've seen that on
other occasions I've also seen it
happen eh On a larger or smaller scale but it's what
has happened it's that if you in the end
if you have a
community that depended on someone
else of course then you can't then you can't
complain yes yes you
lose a lot when you fail that
person you understand And it's not that it's not that you
owe him mercy all your life  but
man you have to be grateful in this
life and appreciate who has given you, I mean,
for me, what do you see, you're going to call me
old or whatever, okay, but I
really value who feeds me or who puts a
plate in my house, you know that obviously it's
me working, but if a
person has helped me, or imagine, I
'll give you an example, Fran cuesta hosa,
I could fight with Fran cuesta one
day and I could discuss a thousand things, but I will
always have respect for him and I
will always be grateful to him because he has
contributed spectacularly to me and my family.
Not only when I went
to Thailand where he gave me his house, he gave me
everything, I lacked nothing, eh, to me and my
wife, they behaved spectacularly, okay, they are, they are,
for me, I will take that with me for the
rest of my life, but also right here
at my job, interviews,
live debates, videos, I mean, things that, whether you
want it or not, well, he pays my mortgage, it's not,
in the end, I know, in the end, that translates
into [ __ ], well, damn, they're income for my
house, you know what I mean. So, one
day I will be able to fight, I will be able to get angry
imagine [ __ ], well I don't like
Franco anymore, I'm retiring, I'm walking away or but I'm
always going to have that respect and I
can tell you Franco like I can
tell you many other people
no I mean for me it's that I value it
because I've been working my whole [ __ ] life
in other types of jobs you
know and that's something here on the internet that
kids don't value and And you collaborate
Maybe with someone and you give a
springboard to someone who manages to more or
less propel themselves no or have that small
start Not here where you need that
showcase no that you need on YouTube
to start and then they put the stab in you they
put the stab in the back and it's happened to me eh a
lot eh they've put the signal in me
after maybe thanks to me or having been
by my side they have had the
opportunity to have Hey
maybe he's not rich but maybe Hey a
salary Hey I'm not telling you that you owe me
homage or that I'm your God or
anything like that but at least don't arm a dagger you
understand me at least not
stab me okay And it's happened to me many
times that I've given people
Eh a place and a place no and and he stabs you
and it's like dude [ __ ] I mean it's like Look so that I can
translate it to so that so that you can
find an analogy okay
real life okay
eh Imagine that you're going through a bad
time in your life you're looking for a
job and a friend or a neighbor a neighbor
gets you into his company to work and he stands
up for you talk to your boss and he puts you
into his company to work damn Well you
have to stand up for him not make
a treaty in that
company and make the person who's involved look bad it's that they are behaviors they are unwritten laws of behavior you know they are unwritten laws of behavior so with better or worse form because the truth is that his girlfriend at that time was really getting on my nerves that his
girlfriend called me a whoremonger and said a
lot of disgusting things to me Abi okay eh
Well I think it's more than obvious
that if you've heard me talking
about her in the last few months the tone
has changed and the term has  changed
because the [ __ ] he's not messing with me
while I'm not missing Well if
the other guy called me recently he insulted me But
well I'll take it like that no
but what I was saying is that what
for me what carche
auron did for me was very ugly it was very ugly I do
n't know what they talked about if they
fixed it no but for me it was very ugly it
was very ugly I don't know how someone didn't
advise karches the guy [ __ ] if you
want to retire from auron retire Look I
almost see Juan Guarnizo's thing better
than Carche's because Juan Waris in the
end what he did was not want to take a
position because maybe on one
side or the other it would affect him but the thing is that
Carche took a
position hate this guy is gte
imagine being a kid who betrayed
wait no I'm not going to read it I'm already coming
without a filter I'm going to talk about everything
imagine being a p betrayed his friends
because he asked for it typical kid with
happiness car it's obvious that you're into marilla
barely 200 I saw and so on look slayer
you know what's good about all of this is that
when I make ends meet I don't have to
worry about whether I can get enough food to my
mouth ask your mother the same thing you
[ __ ] [ __ ] eh first of all that
secondly I speak about what comes out of my
balls And what I believe is
right and honest At the end of the day I
have a clear conscience with my
actions with what I've done in my life with
what I do in my life and so on and
and thirdly if there's something that I'm
uneasy about or something that I'm not
happy with thank God I go to the psychologist
for a day now I tell him my things he
helps me manage them if I were you I would go to the
psychologist okay I was going to tell you something
that I usually say to my colleagues at
the bor I can't say it live
because you'll throw me in the channel
and I'm not going to say it and that is that he says that it
affected him in the professional field that because of it
my career has been
affected but because of the hate carche or because
of who the hate comes from and me  I explain It
's not the same a random conflict as a
conflict with someone to whom he owes everything
in this world, I get along very
well with A, he's a guy that you already know that I
have, I process a affection and an
admiration for A, incredible end and at the end of the day it's that of
course it's that
hate or that or that the hate let's see
because many times there are people who are hated
and people pick on it on the
internet they pick on someone like a
punching bag and
someone is bullied because it's bad because it
causes rejection and suddenly it's not
necessary for them to do a big thing for
people to get mania with them okay And he has been
criticized and hated on the internet okay the
Internet Villain but in this case it
's not hate I'm not going to tell you either that
the kid deserves to be
spat on everywhere he goes obviously not
but of course he did something that caused
a lot of rejection and that did
damage things as they are man we're
talking let's understand each other okay let's
understand each other we're talking that
Auron was being
accused of flirting with minors  and
doing sexing sexting is not called not
sexting with a
minor [ __ ] and they already started to get
[ __ ] out of Auro in
2013 I have a career on the internet
because Auro does not have more and I and I boast
of saying it and thanking him but I laugh
or rather the line of
kissing his ass is probably red okay but I also
tell you who wouldn't do it if at the
end of the day you work in what you want thanks
to him
okay he is
aware and not only because of that
but because of the simple fact of the relationship I
have with him okay circumstances that
multiply that it affects your statistics
and Therefore I got to this point more
easily I know that because of him uh also my
career has been affected
then he tried to clumsily qualify this
fact but 2020 you hung out with the Tops
not in 2020 in fact uh I started
streaming my first stream had a
peak of 6,000 people and an average of
3,000 people I didn't hang out with anyone
because in fact I never wanted to hang out
with anything and besides I was called a mole in
the police  Spin rp e And I started alone,
okay, I set up my roles, I looked for
support from my roleplay companions, such as
decu tarco and a lot of gray-haired people and so
on, and so on. So, not in 2020 because they
invited me to play amongas. It's not that I got
together, I set this up, I did it
alone, okay, another thing is that I was
lucky that obviously
a large audience of people came to see a
server and I was roleplaying on that
server, but my role is,
I set it up by myself. Okay, and the people who
came to see me came to see me for my role,
not for anything else. Well, no, because
[ __ ] it, but in a recognized cl, what they
owe to Auron and Ah, now he says
no, I would love to know what they
talked about privately and on what terms they
ended up. Auron got very lukewarm,
uncle Auron took a position of saying, look, let's
forget about this, pam pam pam p you know,
outside, I apologize if I have done it and if I have not done
it, I also apologize just in
case, okay, there is a
misconception of how I  I started on Twitch
which I see is not
entirely clear okay not worth it I
set up my roleplay in Spain rp by myself okay
okay without anyone's help I
set it up by myself I just took it and told
my mother
eh No I don't know Ivan I swear I don't
know song And from there the tir there is
a misconception as I already started on
Twitch that no the reality at least back
then was what it was and in the
end things are as they are I have a
career on the internet because now you can
tap yourself in the chest as much as you want saying
I did this or I did
that okay I mean you can't ask
a person to stick their ass out
for I don't know how long and stay
quiet with the hate because that's the best
solution you know you know no you can't
ask a person there are people who
can take it and say I
ignore it I ignore it I ignore it and when I
completely ignore it it disappears and that's it
the Temporal has passed and that's it yes it
is a very vague game ignore it  and that's it,
host ignore it depends on who you are In
what context not all streamers
earn a million euros a year and have
millions of followers in people who
c there is a Win 150 bucks and is up to there
or you know that many times
Elio justifies himself as saying no a very
famous [ __ ] t who is very little famous
also be it or be it the Face and such does not
understand economic issues or
Followers yes I think that to the one who is
very famous it is easier to hit a stick
because you assume that it goes to you But
come on there are people here that have received it
from all sides also spoke about the
durability of the negative labels
that are put on you on the internet specifically
towards him for this story that
aurono published mythical and what trab perro says
is also true, I mean the punas They do not
expire if there has been one to you no that they do not
expire but if there has been a very big one
related to a person to nothing
that has been a little bit bigger
that image has already remained that person has already been
generated in a casual public and
when And when for example you later
give an opinion of  something they're always going to
throw at you you know it's like you're
like doomed to I don't know I have to
quarte that one day in a streaming you come
and punch me twice you say you're
a fat son of a [ __ ] I put on Ay
unar and it goes viral not from from
there on whatever you do this is
like always Ah but this was the one that I don't
know what But and only and many times there is
only one way for
that to happen is if there are several people
involved that those people
all agree to say this is not the case
and insist and say this is not the case until
that narrative is removed, for
example, my thing about the rat I until
Auro tomorrow comes out
saying live and kids you
call this guy a rat this guy is
nothing like this until Ah he doesn't feel like
doing that I'm going to continue with that
image my whole [ __ ] life My whole life
for the casual public my whole life it's like that
too that is very noticeable on tiktok
and on other platforms that it's like
Ah but this was the one  I don't know what it is, that's
it, that's going to stay that way, it's going to stay
like this forever unless people
agree to say, hey, let's
stop this [ __ ] nonsense, but it's very
difficult for that kind of
thing, I mean, it's very difficult for it to
stop in the end because
people always love to be able to, yes,
on a much more
different scale, it happens to us with, yes, it's a
request from Indira to Oron Play, yes, I would say m, you
know, just for a specific phrase from the
sports project, they throw that at you your whole
[ __ ] life. Okay, okay, okay.
Apparently, Carche isn't worth gestures like
this. Daur and Play. The other day because
the guy is gone, sh for, he's gone to
Kick. I read it on Twitter because the person
arr stole from me asking for forgiveness. I mean, the
truth is I was freaking out, but I thought it was
a super nice gesture. Do you remember the other
day live when I took the account of
a person who had come in to say
[ __ ] in the chat, he wrote to me on Twitter
to say that he's also been banned from
Auron's chat for having made that
shitty comment and that he asks
apologies I mean it seemed like a very
nice gesture on the part of aur nor of the
moderators of Auro the truth is
sincerely I thought it was a nice gesture
the truth is the baby needs a
public rectification until well
auron has had more
nice gestures with him imagine The first thing
auron
then he has no talent to get his
own audience going me he dressed as a
rat in a live broadcast and now he hasn't don't say
those comments please you can give your opinion
without being disrespectful okay Do
n't say those things man let's see me well
in all honesty I would be suitable without being
disrespectful but I would have
done it because I stick a finger even
from my shadow you understand me Yes yes yes me
if people don't stop calling me a rat I have
seen myself as a rat But well I understand that it
feels
good what are you sending me in the group
[ __ ]
eh tomorrow don't go out saying it
live guys you call this
guy a rat this guy is nothing like this until
ao doesn't feel like doing that I'm
going to continue with that image my whole [ __ ]
life All  life for the casual public
all life to see well It is true that
Auron never mentioned it directly I have
even seen how
coworkers or ex-colleagues joined in this
ball of hate This goes for This goes for
cche Win michu is that Felipe Felipe I
don't think he took it that much into account
Felipe 36 you know what I'm telling you and
[Music]
but yes what is that Win michu did a
lot to make some things go viral
it seems that he was like waiting to
take advantage of that moment
you know to throw at Auron and Sara
Because well because they had made
peace with Dallas simply to
make it more and more the Vegeta thing
was never very clear eh the Vegeta thing was not
very clear but apart from that it is that
apart who else dude Because the Juan
Guarnizo thing I understand that maybe
a position is missed but
neither does he I mean Juan did
not arrive Juan did not even arrive to
insinuate
no but very lukewarm the Auro
eh And greater in the mythical history
Auron also does not mention anyone the thing about
dressing as a rat is to joke and that's it
Well but the her  behave yourself Yes, he
mentioned Carche add to that that Carche was
the most notorious at a public level what I do
tell you is there are things that by
their own weight so deserved or not
deserved to be called tror
Anyway, Carche already stated that he had
resolved things with Auron Play
aside he called everyone who
called him a clown and you have let yourselves be
carried away a lot around here it was a lie okay
here He did send like an
audio or something like that I remember exactly
what happened but it was a lie I
mean no they weren't well He wanted to
understand here that channels like mine
invented the fun towards him Jamal a
kiss well od and I'm telling
everyone who has called me Rat and
so on and I'm going to tell you do you know why
Because I have spoken with Aon privately
and there is no problem with him nor has he
taken it badly nor do I know Tom anything what I have
said because there is nothing to take badly
that there is nothing to take badly what
I have said I am not going to ask or
demand that he give me  people excuse me for
that the people who have called me Rat and
all that because I don't want the apologies
from those people I don't
know the shame The only thing I can say
is to all the people who have been
harassing me these
days for being disloyal False Friend when I have
literally already spoken with Auron
privately and there is no problem Between
him and I please invite Frank cuesta
suba please Well look Andrea Fran
right now He's live Fran right now He
's
live I don't know if it's for members Look the
hamburger was expensive a kiss Mister
Landy the hamburger didn't sit well with
everyone that day it
's just that over there and Look over there it is
Look at the
[Music]
lake Look at the goats
excited calm down there you have it in case you
want to come in look here it was the
doggy style This is the camera that catches him
doggy style okay Well today I uploaded a
video today I uploaded a video but I do
n't need to invite Fran Fran uploads
when he feels like it Fran uploads when he feels like it
Andrea Today she uploads a video on the main page
with Fran Have you seen it today I uploaded a
video wait  I'm going to promote it here
because there are many times
that there are many times that we upload so much
content that you guys leave some
behind
you you here you have it Look okay
okay look at it anyway it's a
little bit I had to cut and
put a little more like okay it's a piece
of live that I had to delete another
day because Fran seala gets carried away he gets
carried away But well this piece I did
rescue it because it's controversial okay in case you
want to see it We remain the same the only thing I
can tell you is that We remain the same he
says Really if you stopped following me
because you followed me don't follow me anymore I
don't want you around here bear it is what it is it's
not worth it okay No it's not worth it anymore
seriously now you've been left like
clowns you've let yourself be carried away by
hate what do I do to try to
put a person in your head I don't want
on this channel they literally took it They
left you with low viewers eh Let's see
this to begin with it's a lie We remain the
same I say this more than anything because you didn't
come back I
had thought exactly that when
I heard it I mean it's a lie it's a lie
literally that  everything would remain the same
but let's go publicly it has been seen
collaborating with him Oh and yes
things are also as they are Until Auron
tomorrow I don't know directly and kids you
call this guy a rat, he is not any of
this until ao does not feel like doing that
I am going to continue with that image all my
[ __ ] life All my life to the
casual public all my life what does it cost to
do you this favor No friend let's move on
because they were trivializing the people
who throw hate More than anything because
nothing because they are simply looking for interaction it
does not depend on when it is your turn when it is your
turn boom come on [ __ ] I'm going to give
this one a stick I give him a stick I go
viral with the stick and I say damn How cool is it to hit people I
think that the vast
majority of those who make a viral tweet
winning someone is wanting to be viral I mean
I don't even think they have anything personal
against you or sometimes they do but I think
that laal you have a great point of creating
the tweet like The alchemist belce
perfect for the greatest
possible viralization is is I have the theory that it
is impossible for you  you put a tweet
against a person and it's something
personal, I have the theory that you
have to put it because you know that
this I think it's 2% of people who
take it as something personal because you
're lying down In my opinion if you take
something from the streaming world to the
personal it has to be something very
specific to you, you know, I know,
any news related to
something that affects you firsthand has come out and
then it does become something
personal and in the end it's what you say
that they stay like those narratives that whatever I
do, no, but you said
what if I said it. Well then you screw yourself
and more on social networks like tiktok the
vast majority and with all due respect the
vast majority who are commenting all
day on tiktok and comment very
short tiktok to comment aar is a short
guy I'm very sorry definitively given this
analysis it is not even a greater reason to
ignore these clowns car
curious this Take the truth curious this Take
curious this Take it still hurts me
badly from watching the 1 I think I weigh
right now 80
kg I think I 73  betray Play
calm down if you want I'll put it in it's not a problem
r Wait Let's take it for a
moment Oh I'm writing it in
green good perfect wonderful so
what did you think I was going to write to him and
give you a video no friend no no no
Calm down I know you're going to try to get it out no
calm down V is role Player No I haven't even been able to
write it Besides you don't speak German do
n't put everything they tell you into Google translate
and that's it but what about my audience
what do you think of
too Well look there's a thing there's
a
thing how do I look for it on Karime's Twitter there's no thing
Karime deleted it
Yeah look
here the ladies fighting Let's see let's see if let's see if let's see if I don't
lose the thread okay let's see if I do
n't lose the
thread let's see it turns out that Karime let's
see of
course I was going to give a vote I was going to give
a vote to the the lady of the stick that I
believed that Karim had tagged me the
lady or had gone to the lady's Twitter
So that Karim put me
in his tweet whatever gives him the
win I understand people as a
real mother eh I mean as a mother I
really understand it I try to have the
maximum empathy possible because I am a
father okay but man of course a
person is Karime with clear they are
saying it's not that Karime is 50 years old it's that
Karime well let's see let's see what she is she's
in the gossip you know carch
really do you want Auron to say that you are not
a rat after how you treated him and did
not support him when he was the one who gave you
fame now your job should be to clean up
your image and you ask Auro for forgiveness as many
times as necessary
eh I sincerely do not see it
okay Yes I am your mother
Yes let's see it is the opinion of a person
besides that it is Karime that is not a
youtuber that you can say [ __ ] [ __ ] It's that
this youtuber is always
throwing [ __ ] my son affects him a lot
okay lady since she is so this is
carche's mother okay lady since she is
so interested my son has not asked or
requested anyone to say anything I listened to
everything and useful I listened to everything and u prion
if he really intends to as an
adult  act like such
you are nobody to tell my son what to do,
I think that what
carche said can be interpreted as an
indirect request, which is true, it is
not okay. Of course, if we see each other
literally, he is not asking
Auron, let's see, he is just dropping the hint.
Paola, a kiss. Look, for me, I've had a
few details with Karche, I feel
something is missing on Carche's part,
honestly, and that's it, or rather, I said it, I
don't believe it either, let's see, I thought
what Carche did was very ugly. Now we have seen in
an Outer Play video all the clicks
of things that he denies but if they were okay,
things happened, happened, he did not behave
well, that's how it was, okay, Auron, I think that he
has pulled several
threads in private and has thrown a
stick at Carche, okay, apart from that detail that we
mentioned the other day about
banning people who insulted them,
Carche has also gone to people to mediate and
things, okay, now let's
also pretend that a Random person like
Karime does not
give her opinion, sincerely, I am missing something on
Carche's part. Maybe if  ha la
apeteciera ok hey here I was wrong the
truth is I shouldn't have taken a position
my girlfriend had this position my girlfriend gave
Auron as guilty and And the truth is that I was
wrong I behaved badly or whatever I
lacked
that okay what makes me think is that she does
n't think about it
okay But well she's not
literally asking Auro No man she's not
asking him but
man indirectly she's not letting him
fall man if he could help me
okay And Karime says her son is nobody
to say that Auron stop the narrative that
carche is a rat he must have had his reasons
for calling him that I don't know
How you raise your children but I
teach mine values ​​and how to
be you're wrong Karime grateful not
to betray my friends I'm going to tell you
something from the respect that you don't have
by being involved in a network harassing a
young man of course if they criticize you it is
harassing viral topics no Also not
demanding like a teenager things that
you have no idea of ​​​​what happens
outside the networks  dedicate yourself to something
productive I wish I had
my son's values ​​bullying is a very
strong word No thank you the values ​​I have are
superior to those your son has
All yours, him and his values ​​Good morning
to you ma'am, it's difficult to face
what you've been doing for a year
right if you behave like a
teenager they treat you as such I
insist someone who is on social networks
behaving like this has no values
whatsoever or education let's see ma'am Jesus
Christ Relax you can tell you are
upset by what a random like
me says I have nothing personal against your son It
's simply not manners what your
child says and even worse what he said in the past let's
see is there something else
here he has Amnesia
ma'am I'm going to tell you something from
respect I think that
I think what
will happen here let's see what this refers to with the
apnesia let's see This is a t of
Karime How are they not going to denounce if she says
nonsense after nonsense then when with
her denounces the carche should run
away from this relationship it seems to me a
factor sincerely it seems to me a factor I mean
literally this girl started to
say the
cares How was it I don't know what of the  10
million no Or that he would accept being
cheated on if it were in exchange
for 10 million euros, I mean it was an
outrage okay Abi would
cheat on his partner for money and carche
responds that the one who looked good was anci
an
old lady kiss okay I mean this tet factor has
nothing wrong with it okay I mean what
Abi said was a completely outrageous thing okay
And carche was the one who
had values ​​there in that in that t in
fact okay Wow Dallas tremendous
video showing the falsehoods of
auron and villin's friends And of course there is
talk of
conspiracies easy to
digest here Karime is not saying
anything against it
is that she is not saying anything here against
karches
Abi the ex of orlock carche's girlfriend
golden mouth Agustina as you know her
denying what we all
saw This was with the only fan account
this troll no one day I don't lai I don't
remember very well What it was but I
remember that I ate there a piece of of the
subject no let's see here here yes  that I
would see Maybe a little not ugly the thing about
golden mouth I don't like those kinds of
nicknames the truth is em not that
much either but let's
put something no carche you are a liar
what you said in your statement I
remind you that it was before all the he that you
received when you said that you would leave
the skit if things didn't change today you
said something else liar it doesn't seem like
harassment to me the truth I mean it seems to me let's see is
that cares said oh I will always suck
Auro's ass even because he is the one who
gave me the
job and I value him and I am here for
auron I don't know what no and suddenly she
started saying yes or basically
what she gave before karches does
the lady have amnesia but it's not that
bad toi clear I understand the
positions of a mother eh Really I mean
not
really Karime Karime and any other
person obviously I cannot command
you or tell you what to do and
what not to do okay but I would
tell you to try not to enter Okay  in
things of mothers, fathers and brothers, things
like that because in the end she is a mother, she is not
a mother and in the end, what does
a mother see? Well, no, she is not going to see anything
wrong in what they do to her son or if she
is seeing the son who is having a
bad time because of the criticism and that he does not take it
well no matter how much guilt he has and because
the mistake was his, you know, but what can I
tell you, what is the mother going to tell you? Do you
understand? Now, on
the mother's part, I also
tell you, I mean, I think she is also
asking not to give an
opinion, it is normal that a
person, let's not say a Random like
Karime, but any person and
any youtuber, like for example, the
video that we saw from de nauter, I did not give my
opinion on the subject, I mean, but it is what it
is, it is what it is, of course, exactly Gema Gema Karime should not have entered into the rag with the wife, let her make her complaint and that's it, what can I tell you, you know, but notice that, for example, they do not go against Auron or the
brother, let's see what I can tell you, you know, as
parents, our children hurt us a lot
and  and that's it Look, I'm
sincerely sorry that you're having a
bad time and I hope
that I hope that we know no and that they
explain to us What happened
[Music]
With Between him and Auron I'm
going to go get the cold bottle of water
and we're going to watch another video on
this topic
[Music] [
Music] he [Music] [Music
]
Oh Oh [Music] Oh Oh [Music] [Music] [Music
] [Applause] [Music]
Oh
[Music] Oh [Music] [
Applause] [Music]
Javi Oliveira
channel gossip channel
with the highest average viewers and
average golden minute of
gossip channels Javi
Oliveira highest average live viewers
and highest golden minute of
gossip channels Javi Oliveira also
most viewed channel with the most
visits most viewed channel and with the most
visits in the month of April
2024 of all the gossip channels out
there telesalseo salsería isn't that bad
either  eh They are not bad
either in the se and in the s they are not
bad at all either okay But Javi
Oliveira the channel with the most
visits And Javi
Oliveira and Javi
Oliveira
with the
two
videos the two
videos with the most visits and he also eh
the guy sh got in the
middle with a with the three okay But the
fourth also the fourth
also the first and the second video with the
most
visits with the most visits of the month of
the gossip channels okay one is
Fran's cost one of the an extract that
we edited okay that we took out
eh And the other the second is Justin
bber man and trust you the fourth eh the one from
fofo marquez that I really did
n't believe that that video was going to be
great
eh that video I don't believe that I was going to be
great right But hey
spectacular eh this last month was
spectacular this one I'm going to
calm down a bit I'll tell you the truth eh this one I'm
going to take it easier
I expected more from you Javi What do you want
me to say I hope that this month I work more
lazy Yeah yeah well this month  It seems to me
that no Hey, what channel is this, current affairs,
information channels, terrible ending for
Queen
Sofia, listen to me, but we've slipped
another one in here too, the fall of William Levy.
Look, we've slipped a few videos
into the ranking, eh, we've slipped a
few videos into the
ranking. Well, very well,
actually. Let's see. I'm also telling you, eh, I mean,
this is not, it's not a competition, man, I'm
excited, what the [ __ ] do you want, no, you
say, [ __ ], I [ __ ] on 10, I [ __ ] on the
[ __ ], what an outrageous month, no, apart from there's
a thing too,
eh, apart from a thing,
eh, that we've also improved, Roman sent me
a kiss, I don't know if we'll be in the
record number of members this month
too, eh. Because the truth is that here the
members did drop a lot, in the salsería,
I think they're holding up quite
well among the members, they're holding up
quite well, but here in the salsería,
we've dropped the number of members quite a bit,
okay, but yes, there's one thing that
I also liked a lot that
any youtuber would really want. Let's
see, I think it can be shown, it can be shown,
okay. And it's the cpm issue, okay, the issue  cpm
eh we have achieved on the
channel in this channel in Javi Oliveira
okay Cindy a kiss we have achieved that e
that we have a majority of the public from the United
States okay What does this mean Well
an impressive cpm With what have we
achieved it
Well with all the subject matter that we are putting in dealing with Pu topics everything that we are dealing with the truth what comes up with pat Daddy the Justin Bieber William sm a lot of topics of the William Levy topic is very strong I would not be surprised if he releases another video in these
days okay the Daniel Sancho topic the
truth is that he is being followed
all over the world but the thing is that these are
videos that some of them are about
Daniel Sancho okay I mean the truth is
that it is the United States and Spain the
majority dude it is a cpm let's see so that
you understand me and and apart from that there
are videos that I have said [ __ ] it makes no
[ __ ] sense eh There are videos that make no
[ __ ] sense eh I mean for me
the time that I had the highest cpm for
me the time that you had the highest CP
was
with the topic of the  rosito okay
because it was a full Spanish public okay I don't
know if maybe with Johnny dep
okay but with the rosito issue on the
main channel is that they charged per
video with 100,000 views what maybe you
charged with cco videos of 100,000
views with the topic of the kids okay
the topic of the kids is the one that
monetizes the least always okay And that's only
live I love you old man No man
rat what are you saying about three
live No
man eight come out here because Of course
because the premieres don't count eight is worth
two in eight eight in Javi oliveira two in
telesalseo and in salsería we don't
place here in the ranking in salsería we
would be sixth I imagine I don't
know why the salsería is never listed here
eh in salsería we would be sixth the
truth But what I'm telling you with the
rosito issue with a video with 100,000 views they
charged Maybe what four or five
videos with 100,000 views but on the
topic of the kids
okay  but it's that with the issue of William
Levy and this peace Dad And these
videos one video for every 100,000 views
are
like I know 7 or videos of 100,000
views of the youth I mean it has
absolutely nothing to do with the CPM okay it
has absolutely nothing to do with the
CPM So it's something that we are
achieving and it has also happened uh that they have
generated a lot of income for me that there are
people who believe that shorts do not
generate income like shorts do
generate income it has generated
a lot for me
uh but of course it depends on visits that you have
clear also to pay the mewin
total to pay the
mewin anyway
Serafín So you're going to leave us Yes yes of
course the youth, let's see no I'm not going to
leave anything I continue to deal with everything but it
is true that the touch of let's see
yes it is true that here in the
youth there are topics that make me lazy or
rather eh
there are topics of the youth that make me
lazy because they are things that are more
than talked about and people get very
intense very heavy it's not worth it to me
eh you know what  I'm telling you,
nobody cares anymore You know, there's not a lot of things they
throw at me and you know, so what can I
say? It
depends, it
depends There are things and there are things and things There are things and
things, let's
see, I had
some videos here to put up
Okay, I had some videos here to put up, I
think we're going to watch it
again first, which is today's gossip, and
then if we have some time left It depends on
how you're behaving with the likes,
the subscriptions, the members, and so on.
Okay, Andrea, that's why now
I'm going to stay up, I'm going to
record both newscasts tomorrow and I
want to record a video for the
main channel tomorrow about the Daniel
Sancho issue, more than anything to give him a nod
for sentencing, let's not call it a nod
for sentencing. So let's see what
the gossip is, okay, what did
Rebor say? Apparently he's retiring
from Spine RP, I mean, the other day he was
saying that he wasn't retiring, I
don't know what, I don't know how much, no, eh. And now all of
a sudden, Well, he says he's retiring, let's
listen to him. No, but it depends on how he's
behaving now.  I'll look at the likes, the
members and so on.
Okay. We have left and we watch that video of
auron Play and his
ex-friends or am I going to take care of the
rest of the channels? Okay, it depends on
you. The truth is that I will no longer be the founder of
Spain, I will no longer be in charge of managing
the server. Well, let's see, founder, we
're off to a good start. Let's see, founder, you will
always be one. You can't stop having been a founder.
Another thing is that you no longer
want to be in charge of being the
chief administrator, Director, call it whatever you want, okay,
but founder, they can't take that away from you.
You founded it, neither the leadership nor
will I be part of the
staff. I don't know, I wouldn't even know what to
tell you the
numbers because I want axer to
be the sole
founder again. Today, rebor announced that he is
no longer the admin of Spain rp and that he is
resigning from all responsibilities he
had with this server. And yes, friends,
after all the wave of
hate that rebor received, along with the
accumulated stress, have taken their toll, causing him to
make this tough decision,
nothing has happened, okay, the only thing I've done
is
announce my resignation as both the
founding administrator and  chief of
staff all three things I resign [ __ ] I hope
Listen to this about Pedro
Sánchez eh I mean Rebor thinks he thinks he's the
president of the government or what Javi do you
consider yourself the founder of the salsería in
general don't keep it to yourself Abdel I'm not
responsible for anything about the
salsería of those three positions okay I will no longer
be the founder of Spain I will no longer
be in charge of the management of the server or
the leadership nor will I be I will not be
part of the staff I will no longer
dedicate myself eh to everything that is
administrative issues management issues
Game Master issues Play issues you guys
think this will be true I mean Or he's
just saying it in front of the
public to act like this in front of the
public and pretend he's not you
know I mean he's nothing anymore and he
washes his hands of responsibilities
of the server but in reality yes he will
continue to be a record holder
etc all that is over okay I
made a decision today Hey you guys are very
annoying with the issue of setting up the mini and you
really get on my nerves eh And the truth
is I know you're right but as much
as  you
ask me No matter how much you ask me it really pisses me off
that I don't feel like
doing it, I mean, I would have to
set a goal for members or
something, let's see right now the issue right
now if
Daniel Sancho's trial stops, which was what had me
like s s super
absorbed
eh, could we find time to put together
the mini, for example, start tomorrow at
6 in the afternoon, a live broadcast until midnight,
no, something like that, it could
n't be possible, it could be, but I have to
ask you for a crazy number of members
and then you guys would send it to me, I
'll see how many members there
really are and that way we
recover, we're talking about
right now there are
members
members how much do we put in to put together the
mini broadcast tomorrow right now
2000 2000 would be logical
No 2000 would be
sensible if we reach 2000
members tonight if we recover 2000 members
2000 No, it's not crazy, it's not
crazy 2000 if we reach  2000 members
meet tomorrow at 6 pm and
we set up the
mini and we spend the afternoon setting up the mini
from 6 pm to 12 midnight it goes
eh permanent and totally
irrevocable yes Andrea when the sentence comes out
Daniel Sancho Fran comes to the
Principal yes we are going to give it a closure for
sure in these days do one with
trium commenting on this this issue of
seen for sentence no and that in the end they have
finished the trial early no
and Fran we are going to get together a few
surely all of those who collaborate
with me in the same live when
the sentence comes out and all the roll is worth it it's
a shame but I think I have to make that
decision In fact it is not something that I have
taken lightly as you well know eh with
great enthusiasm and a lot of work I think you
are not aware of how much work has been
done
eh I started with Spain again I decided to
reopen It
eh And well I have dedicated for 4
months every day an overwhelming amount of
hours I
assure you that all the time
dedicated to the administration has
caused him a lot of stress since he spent the whole day
pending that the server works
well what  It took a lot of energy and
time What is true is that rebon
greatly appreciates all of his work with Spain
Since at one point in his speech his
voice breaks The pace of life was
basically I wake up
Spain I'm on Stream Spain before
going to sleep
Spain on my phone all the time
in case something happens all the time on
Spain my life was summed up in
Spain in every
possible aspect and it's not life it's not life it's not
and in fact it has been noticed That
obviously more beautiful over time due to
the amount of stress pressure eh that it
entails managing a server so
large and with so much renown logically it
's obvious there are a lot There are a lot of things
that are not seen okay in the day to day that you have to
manage and well it's a
constant added stress a pressure a
constant responsibility of thinking Okay I have to
think about this I don't know
how many such for there to be this
content for this to go well
taking care of all the factions look at
everything with a magnifying glass and say okay Okay we
would have to go this way we
would have to go another way and
so on it's not to say that it's a
constant job
I don't know how many hours  I will have dedicated
to Spain in total But you can calculate
more
than I don't know it's that I wouldn't even know what to
tell you what
figures as much as possible on a weekly basis
much more than a
conventional job Beyond the fact that I
also do streams and that this month I have
an extendable and that I also do
multiplatform, meaning that it's already consuming my
life
and logically it's not that I don't give it to me it does
n't give it to me and you yourselves have seen
that during the extendable I had to
put myself in certain points to administer I
had to hold meetings it mutes me eh
In order to attend to urgent things and
so on He also spoke about how the hate
is not the main reason for his resignation
as server admin Rather, it is a
decision thought out to focus more as a
content creator and not wear himself out
with fulfilling so many
important roles within the administration
of Spain, making sure to leave Spain
in good hands apart from the
constant harassment that I have been receiving for
months, the hate are many things but
that is totally secondary, it has
nothing to do with it, I mean, I'm already
used to all of that, I am already immune, I
tell you, immune, it has been more because
a matter of focusing on my content,
focusing on
projects and that's it, it's
that
simple, therefore there is my
absolute,
absolute resignation to date and we were
founders and I was also in charge of
the management
of and of
RP. I personally think that this may be
more, let's see, it may be due to stress, due to
pressure. I don't
know, I don't know if it's something that he didn't
count on beforehand, the truth is, but it seems
more like a plunderer to me. The girlfriend has a
partner, therefore, less
free time and also if the girlfriend is on
the server. Well, she can also put it
in several
commissions, I imagine
not Roman. The thing about Leo What, I've
told you many times, you're in the
chat, really, I can't open
WhatsApp here and everyone knows that you
can talk on WhatsApp but you
're in the chat. I don't understand the le
What, the girlfriend is going to ruin his life
on the
internet, I don't know, the truth, I don't know if the
girl is the type of girl, the truth is, she hasn't
given me any clue to play that and
so on, it's not that I don't understand it, really,
I le What, I don't understand it. If we are
in the chat, yes, we are here for
what Why is that I do
n't
understand he does it so we can see that he
talks to you on WhatsApp but
nobody talks to me That's the
WhatsApp of the visa and sometimes it
But well it's that I don't understand we are
here in the
live but no we are not here talking
Not here as a joke Why Look WhatsApp [ __ ] look at
it here I'm not saying it in a bad way or
with the intention of offending or being mean
but it's that you don't know how much it bothers me
every time someone puts that to me or looks
private or looks md or Look I don't know let's see
if we're
here jail emixer [ __ ] what that when I
'm seeing myself here here someone and
Leo and also a lot of them do it eh a
lot of them do it let's see we're
here let's
see Look go [ __ ] yourselves already man
go [ __ ] yourselves already
I sincerely believe that's what it's going in I
think it's going more in that direction
than anything else Okay Javi do you think they're
going to give Daniel
Sancho premeditation now I'm going to look at everything well
when the live ends I'm going to look at
everything well
and I'm going to record a video and the main one will be out
tomorrow let's
see how long it takes  the sentence let's
see how long the sentence takes, it
wasn't a joke, man It's that I don't I don't I don't I don't understand those things I don't even
understand them or
like them or understand why Because look
Román, you posted a comment to me, you posted a comment I'm
opening it and you
posted a comment that you
could have posted in the chat and I'm
really not saying this to you in a bad way or or or don't
get mad or anything but it's that
two or three of you do it to me a lot and I don't understand the
reason What is it, I mean, you can't have
posted this there in the chat and have
everyone read it, these
are real things that I
'm looking at the chat and and I'm
trying to answer you and and this and it
distracts me seeing a person there
8000 times and reads WhatsApp Read WhatsApp the
WhatsApp the WhatsApp yes I'm here the WhatsApp
That is the visa of the is the bison
of the gentlemen a WhatsApp so that
nobody has a
private line maybe they were excited about it but they make
me dizzy I'm very
old Javi read the comments of utbh
that will take you to the comments of the
chat
deb anyway  family, eh, tomorrow we'll watch those
two videos, okay, because I'm seeing
that it's 2:10
and I don't want to be any later
on the
subject of recording the two
newscasts. I want to record the two
newscasts and the video from the
main channel. So we'll leave it here,
okay. Tomorrow we'll see each other 100% here
and I have to fix the beti too,
man. I have to fix the beti too,
yes,
yes, we'll see each other,
people, see each other, rest, a kiss,
handsome.